zero		z 'i2: r öw
oh		'öw
one		w 'a n
two		t 'u4:
three		th r3 'i2:
four		f 'å2: r3
five		f 'a j v
six		s 'i k s
seven		s 'e v ë n
eight		'e j t
nine		n 'a j n
ten		t 'e n
eleven		i l 'e v ë n
twelve		t w 'e l v
thirteen	th ö3: t 'i2: n
fourteen	f å2: t 'i2: n
fifteen		f i f t 'i2: n
sixteen		s i k s t 'i2: n
seventeen	s e v ë n t 'i2: n
eighteen	e j t 'i2: n
nineteen	n a j n t 'i2: n
twenty		t w 'e n t i
thirty		th 'ö3: t i
forty		f 'å2: t i
fifty		f 'i f t i
sixty		s 'i k s t i
seventy		s 'e v ë n t i
eighty		'e j t i
ninety		n 'a j n t i
hundred		h 'a n d r i d
hundreds	h 'a n d r i d s
thousand	th 'au s ë n d
thousands	th 'au s ë n d s
million		m 'i l i3 ë n
millions	m 'i l i3 ë n s
billion		b 'i l i3 ë n
billions	b 'i l i3 ë n s
first		f 'ö3: s t
second		s 'e k ë n d
third		th 'ö3: d
fourth		f 'å2: r3 th
fifth		f 'i f th
sixth		s 'i k s th
seventh		s 'e v ë n th
eighth		'e j t th
nineth		n 'a j n th
tenth		t 'e n th
eleventh	i l 'e v ë n th
twelfth		t w 'e l f th
thirteenth	th ö3: t 'i2: n th
fourteenth	f å2: t 'i2: n th
fifteenth	f i f t 'i2: n th
sixteenth	s i k s t 'i2: n th
seventeenth	s e v ë n t 'i2: n th
eighteenth	e j t 'i2: n th
nineteenth	n a j n t 'i2: n th
twentieth	t w 'e n t i th
thirtieth	th 'ö2: t i th
fourtieth	f 'å2: t i th
fiftieth	f 'i f t i th
sixtieth	s 'i k s t i th
seventieth	s 'e v ë n t i th
eightieth	'e j t i th
ninetieth	n 'a j n t i th
hundredth	h 'a n d r i d th
thousandth	th 'au s ë n d th
millionth	m 'i l i3 ë n th
billionth	b 'i l i3 ë n th
